<h1><strong>Problem 1 &ndash; Spice Must Flow</strong></h1>
<p><br />Spice is Love, Spice is Life. And most importantly, Spice must flow. It must be extracted from the scorching sands of<br />Arrakis, under constant threat of giant sand worms. To make the work as efficient as possible, the Duke has tasked<br />you with the creation of a management software.<br />Write a JS program that calculates the total amount of spice that can be extracted from a source. The source has a<br />starting yield, which indicates how much spice can be mined on the first day. After it has been mined for a day, the<br />yield drops by 10, meaning on the second day it&rsquo;ll produce 10 less spice than on the first, on the third day 10 less than<br />on the second, and so on (see examples). A source is considered profitable only while its yield is at least 100 &ndash; when<br />less than 100 spice is expected in a day, abandon the source.<br />The mining crew consumes 26 spice every day at the end of their shift and an additional 26 after the mine has been<br />exhausted. Note that the workers cannot consume more spice than there is in storage.<br />When the operation is complete, print on the console on two separate lines how many days the mine has operated<br />and the total amount of spice extracted.</p>
<p><br /><strong>Input</strong><br />You will receive an array with a single string element that must be parsed as a number, representing the starting yield<br />of the source.</p>
<p><br /><strong>Output</strong><br />Print on the console on two separate lines how many days the mine has operated and the total amount of spice<br />extracted.</p>
<p><br /><strong>Constraints</strong><br />&nbsp; &nbsp;- The starting yield will be an integer within range [0&hellip;228]</p>
<p><br /><strong>Examples</strong></p>
<p><br /><strong>Input</strong> <br />111<br /><strong>Output&nbsp;<br /></strong>2<br />134<br /><strong>Explanation</strong><br />Day 1 we extract 111 spice and at the end of the shift, the workers consume 26, leaving<br />85. The yield drops by 10 to 101.<br />Day 2 we extract 101 spice, the workers consume 26, leaving 75. The total is 160 and the<br />yield has dropped to 91.<br />Since the expected yield is less than 100, we abandon the source. The workers take<br />another 26, leaving 134. The mine has operated 2 days.</p>
<p><br /><strong>Input</strong> <br />450 <br /><strong>Output</strong> <br />36<br />8938</p>
<p><strong>Input</strong> <br />200 <br /><strong>Output</strong><br />11<br />1338</p>